Add README.md for Arduino example. (#6)
blues/notecard-env-var-manager: examples/arduino/README.md

A simple example showing how to use the Notecard Environment Variable Manager (NEVM) with Arduino.

## `arduino.ino`

This file contains the example code. Before building it, you'll first need to uncomment this line:

```c
// #define PRODUCT_UID "com.your-company:your-product-name"
```

and replace `com.your-company:your-product-name` with [the ProductUID](https://dev.blues.io/notehub/notehub-walkthrough/#finding-a-productuid) from a [Notehub](https://dev.blues.io/notehub/notehub-walkthrough/) project.

The `arduino.ino` code sends a request to Notehub every 20 seconds for these environment variables:

- `variable_a`
- `variable_b`
- `variable_c`

## Notehub

Navigate to your [Notehub project](https://notehub.io/projects), click the Devices tab, double-click your device, and open the Environment tab. Under "Device environment variables", set a value for each variable and click Save:

![Settings variables on Notehub](../images/setting_vars_on_notehub.png "Settings variables on Notehub")

## Hardware

We'll be using [the Swan](https://dev.blues.io/swan/introduction-to-swan/) as our target MCU. You will also need

- Micro USB cable
- Notecard
- Cellular antenna
- Notecarrier F

> You can get the Notecard, antenna, and Notecarrier F all in one bundle with the [Blues Starter Kit](https://shop.blues.io/products/blues-starter-kit-for-north-america)

Reviewer: Use this link instead, so folks from Europe, Middle East and Africa can choose the relevant starter kit.

```suggestion
You can get the Notecard, antenna, and Notecarrier F all in one bundle with the [Blues Starter Kit](https://shop.blues.io/collections/blues-starter-kits)
```
